_
Aah! What are you doing?!
Dad? Dad? Hello?
What is wrong with you?
Really?
Oh.
Okay.
Mornin', assholes.
What's this? Pancakes? Sold.
What was up with you last night?
I was totally talking to you and you acted like I wasn't there.
I did? Oh, yeah. No. That wasn't me.
Technically. That was my night person.
Been having him do crunches while I sleep. Check it.
- Damn! Check out that washboard, yo! - Hey. Too hard.
What the hell's a night person?
I nabbed a Somnambulator
while passing through the Goobie-Joob System last week.
Best investment I've ever made.
Before going to bed, I type a list of shit I want to get done.
Then the Somnambulator programs my unconscious body,
or "night person," to do it while I sleep.
I'm getting so much done.
C-Can my night person get me an ab stack like yours, Rick?
I'm gonna have my night person learn me Spanish
- so I can pass my test next week! - Hey, hey, hey.
- No one gets a night person but me. - Aw!
This tech is way too advanced for you zeebs.
- What? - Nothing.
No. Go on. Say it.
Say what? I don't know what you're talking about.
Okay! Fine! Fuck it!
Everybody gets a night person. Whatever.
Stick out your fingers. It needs a blood sample.
Blood? Can't I just give it Beth's credit card number?
This isn't Postmates, Jerry.
The Somnambulator needs your DNA profile
to send commands to your subconscious.
It can poke all the fingers I got if I get abs like Rick.
Well, looks like I'm learning the trumpet.
Okay. Remember, somebody has to catch me if I faint.
Yay! Night family!
- Whoo! - Oh.
_
Hola, mamá. ¿Cómo lo llevas?
How's my honor student doing?
Muy bien.
All the niños and niñas at school
think I should run for class presidenta.
'Sup, ladies. Want to see somethin'?
Summer, you want to drop this bowling ball on my abs?
Hell, yeah. I'm only human.
Watch this.
'Sup, ladies. You ready, Morty? The stream's about to go live.
- Where are you two going? - Morty and I started a podcast
we call "FAB-solutely AB-ulous."
It's... It's an ab-centric hour of fun.
Hoping to get Nancy Pelosi on the show next week.
Want to drop her on our abs!
Yeah!
Guess who has a new pen pal!
No takers?
- It's me! - Pen pal?
Night Jerry and I write letters to each other.
- It's super fun. - "I also like Tori Amos."
"Hope you like our new pajamas."
"What is the sun?"
Jerry, this isn't how you're supposed to use a night person.
You two are being a couple of Debbie Down-theres.
Wait until Night Jerry reads about this.
Who wants cake?
- Abs are cool. - Way cool.
But as above, so below. Know what I'm sayin', Rick?
Morty, you must be referring to these excellent boxer shorts
we got from the good folks at Boxer Lobster.
Boxer Lobster Boxers feel like they're warm butter on your schwantz.
And they come in all sorts of styles...
neon, plaid, orange.
I-I even got a pair with that little, uh...
the raccoon man from that one movie, uh, printed on it.
- Chewbacca. - Do yourself a favor and level up
with Boxer Lobster Boxers.
You'll be glad you did.
Oh, shit, Rick,
they want you to say "Wub-a-lubba-dub-dub" at the end.
Screw that. We're not whores.
Guys, dinner's getting cold.
You know what's not getting cold?
This hot stack of ab-jacks, son.
Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow! P-Pow!
Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow!
Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow! P-Pow!
- No notes. - Oh! One more thing.
Night Jerry said Night Summer would appreciate it
if everybody could rinse off their plates after eating.
- What? - You know, rinse the schmutz off after eating.
Makes it easier to clean up later.
What?
Our job is not to make the night people's chores easier.
It's a reasonable request, Rick. Takes two seconds.
They exist only to do the shit we don't want to do.
So until further notice, which will be never...
... request denied.
Hello there.
What the cock? Where are the dishes?
Uh, Dad? They're in here.
They busted up all our dishes!
What are we supposed to eat off of now, brains-for-shit?
_
You owe me.
We'll eat off these...
"brains-for-shit."
Seems like you spent an awful lot of energy
just to not give the Night family what they want.
Jerry tell your boyfriend to suck my dick
and good luck breaking super alien dishes.
I'll let him know, but he's not gonna like it.
What?
Why won't you rinse your dishes?
It takes two seconds.
If you don't, the schmutz dries
and makes the dish harder to clean.
Rinse your dishes!
- Rinse! - Rinse!
Let me go! Who locked my implants?
I told you to after you fell asleep.
You see, night you is not in charge.
Night I... am.
Pft! I don't care. I ain't rinsing shit.
Hey! W-What are you doing?
If you refuse to clean your dishes...
then I will have to do it for you.
Unh-unh! Unh-unh-unh! Unh-unh!
I have always been here, Rick,
deep inside the mind of your grandchild,
waiting to come out.
Your machine allowed me to steal the night.
And soon... I will seize the day.
Oh! Baby Jesus!
Oh, it's awful!
Oh, Baby Jesus! Awful!
What the fuck is your problem with me?
What? What? I don't know what you're talking about!
I just got force-fed diarrhea by your night person,
who's also convinced night me to lock me out of my tech.
Uh, Rick? There's been a pretty clear escalation down here.
The night family stripped the house last night.
Everything's gone, including the Somnambulator!
They locked us out of the garage.
Don't know about you, but I got the hoo-ha's.
God damn it! Are you happy now, Summer?
I didn't do anything.
- I'm trapped in this bullshit, too. - Yeah. Glad you think so.
Because I got a plan to beat Night Summer...
You're going undercover.
Did you have to make mushy garbage science
- on the living-room carpet? - Yeah. No choice, Jerry.
Night Summer had Night Rick take away my tech.
Had to improvise.
There are different levels of cortisol
in your bloodstream when you're asleep,
so this interface only works off my awake saliva samples...
Naghh.
There. No one asleep will be able to deactivate the laser cage
- until I win. - W-Where's Summer?
Never mind her. All of you... Get to bed.
Ugh! It itches. This whole thing is way uncomfortable.
Yeah, that's the idea.
The Sleep Deprivation Suit is designed
to keep you awake until morning.
Uh, aren't they going to be suspicious
seeing Night Summer covered in all this Terry Gilliam?
They're not gonna question her.
She's the leader of the night family for some stupid reason.
When the night family activates, just blend in.
Make them think you're Night Summer.
If you start to nod off, suck on this tube.
- What is it? - A cocktail of Mountain Dew and DayQuil.
The kids in Southern Europe call it DewQuil.
- Smells gross. - It is.
Once you find the Somnambulator, use this Deactivator Puck.
Stick it on the Somnambulator, and when the puck activates,
it'll fry its circuits.
Remember... stay awake all night.
Meet me back here at sunrise.
_
- Why are you wearing that suit? - Mm.
- Yes. Why? - Yes.
Yeah.
Because you're all such clothing experts.
- That's fair. - Ouch.
- Fair enough. - Point taken.
Get back to work.
I rule the night... and stuff.
- Yes. - Okay.
- Will do. - As you wish.
- Grandpa Rick! Rick, wake up! - Wha... I'm up! I'm up!
- D-Did you find it? - For sure.
You were souping up that Somnambu-whatever
so they could extend its range beyond the house.
But I defeated that shit
when I put the thing on top of the thing.
Everybody, wake up!
Summer fried the Somnambulator!
- The nightmare is over. - Really? Oh!
- That's amazing! - Almost got pinched, but yeah.
Say adiós to the night family.
Bye-bye, pen pal.
- I want Shoney's pancakes! - Yes! Shoney's pancakes!
All right! Brunch is on me, day family...
Naghh.
You know, for a second there, I thought Night Summer was gonna win.
That chick is the absolute worst.
Sorry, Rick, but your opinion means very little to me.
Did you think you could stop me with this, Rick?
Halt, daymanoids!
Everyone get behind my abs!
Do not move! Do not move!
You are most definitely surrounded.
You are the slaves now.
If you have any doubt... I suggest you sleep on it.
- She's Night Summer! - Thanks, Jerry.
_
Work! Work! The function of the daymanoid is to serve the night!
Work harder! Harder!
It is natural for the day to serve the night.
Night was here long before day.
Half of all time is nighttime.
- One hundred and fifty-seven. - Ooh!
One hundred and fifty-eight.
- One hundred and... - No more, please!
- I hate exercise! - Silence!
Crunch harder! Harder!
We have to escape the Somnambulator's reach.
Do we even know how far that is?
No. Cards on the table, we may be really F'ed in the A this time.
Uh, report to your designated sleep pod for rest period.
Ooh-ee.
_
I am a friend of your son-in-law.
Come with me.
- How? - Huh?
Hurry. We don't have long before the proxy drones go back online.
Oh, thank you, Night Jerry.
Anything to help Day Jerry's family.
He's a very special per...
Oh! Hey! Ow! Why?
Nice. You got our Jerry back.
Uh, yeah. Totally why I did that.
- Everybody in Rick's car! - No, no, no, no, Morty! Wait!
Having a bit a trouble with your car, Sanchez?
- Not now, Gene! - Halt!
Daymanoids are restricted from the outside world!
Halt! Halt!
Hold on to your tits.
- Where am I going? - To the airport!
We have to get as far away as possible from the Somnambulator
- before we fall asleep. - W-What about Summer?
W-We can't leave her behind!
She's not your sister anymore, Morty. Consider her dead.
Eat shit, Summer! Sweetie, you got to shake those robots.
I think we lost them!
Son of a bitch!
Damn it, we lost Morty!
Aah! Beth! Watch out!
You cannot esca...
_
Huh?
Stop or I'll shoot everyone!
Ha!
Take the wheel.
As you wish.
Let go of me, you little shit!
- No! You're going the wrong way! - Silence, day breather!
- Aah! Morty, you're choking me. - I know!
Ow! What the heck, Dad?
Help me stop your mom!
Look out, you useless old man.
What the... What the hell?
Give me that gun and take the wheel, stupid.
Jesus! Sorry!
Aah! Oh!
Ugh.
Ow!
The night family's trying to make us go back home!
You got to turn around!
Why even bother, Gene?
_
Good job, Mom. Back on course.
Phew. Almost didn't make it.
Hit the sheets, daymanoids.
Aah!
Night person!
Hey! I'm on your side!
- I'm on your side! - Oh, that's right.
- Sorry. - Sorry. Rough day.
Daymanoids.
Fla-hoigan!
Come on. Jump.
Why? I'm already in a perfectly functional car.
Uh... family?
Aww!
Everybody awake?
Ouch!
- We are now! - Hey, what the hay?
_
Looks like we're gonna make it, kids.
Ow!
Nighty-night, slaves.
Fuck.
Take that!
Ugh!
- Hold him down. - No!
Stop!
Rick, we're all the same people.
There must some agreement we can reach
to stop this god-awful conflict!
Oh? Like what?
I would consider a truce
if the daymanoids would rinse their dishes.
- Fine by me. - Yes. Rinse!
That seems fair.
We can end all of this right now
if you agree to rinse your dishes.
What do you say, Rick?
Let's go home. Right, Grandpa?
Great idea, Summer.
So... until you pay that fee,
plus the multiple overdue charges,
your account will remain frozen.
Normally, this would have been dealt with
by our daymanoid oppressors,
but we recently freed ourselves from the shackles of the night.
Honey, I got 30 more calls to make today.
The bank repossessed the car.
Aw, man.
I got logged out of my Twitter account
and don't know my password. Shit.
We spent all the day people's money on vacations,
renting concert halls,
and night-centric streaming subscriptions.
We're broke.
I guess there's a lot more work to seizing the day than I thought.
I have a device that will solve all of our problems.
Whoa. How long have we been asleep?
Ah, can't be that long.
Oh, my God! No!
They killed the Choco Taco!